{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Certification Summary\
											\
										\
									\
									\
									\
								\
							\
\
							\
						\
			\
						\
						 \
\
						\
				\
						\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
	\
		You have completed certifying for your \
		\
			\
			\
				Unemployment Insurance benefits \
			\
		\
		\
			\
		\
		\
		\
		\
		\
			for the weeks of Sunday\
			01/27/2013 \
			through Saturday\
			02/02/2013\
			and Sunday 02/03/2013  \
			through Saturday\
			02/09/2013.\
		\
		 \
		 This is a copy of the online\
		 \
		 \
			\
			\
				Unemployment Insurance benefits \
						\
		\
		\
			\
		\
		certification. IDES recommends that you print and keep a copy for your records.\
	\
\
	\
\
	\
	\
	\
		\
			Important Information\
		\
		\
			\
				\
					Date of Certification:  02/12/2013 01:16 PM\
				\
			\
			\
				\
					You must maintain your work search information on a weekly basis. You will be required to produce your work search upon request. Failure to do so may result in denial of benefits.\
					\
\
							\
							Work Search Form.	\
					\
				\
			\
			\
				\
					Your benefit payments can be deposited into your bank account automatically with Direct Deposit. To sign up for Direct Deposit, or to modify your existing information, please\
					click here.\
				\
			\
			\
				\
					Continue to certify if you filed an appeal, even though you may not receive benefits until the appeal is decided.\
				\
			\
			\
				\
					If you are eligible, you will receive benefits for the weeks claimed. If there is a question about your claim, you will receive a claimant notice of possible ineligibility or a notice of interview in the mail. This notice will indicate the question involved and what action is required by you.\
				\
			\
			\
		\
	\
	\
	\
	\
\
	\
	\
	\
	\
		\
			Next Steps\
		\
		\
			\
				\
				\
					\
				\
				\
			\
			\
			\
				\
					\
				\
			\
			\
			\
				\
					\
						\
					\
					\
				\
			\
		\
			\
		\
		\
			\
				\
					\
						In order to continue receiving Unemployment Benefits, you must continue to Certify. To ensure timely payment of benefits your next certification should be completed on \
						02/26/2013. \
						If you are unable to certify  on your assigned certification day you may certify on Thursday or Friday.    \
					\
				\
			\
		\
		\
	\
	\
	\
	\
	\
\
	\
	\
	\
		\
			Holiday Pay\
		\
		\
			\
				\
					Have you received or will you receive holiday pay?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					NO\
				\
			\
			\
				\
					Was your holiday pay due to a floating holiday?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					N/A\
				\
			\
			\
				\
					You must enter the total amount of holiday pay, before deductions. Enter the total amount of holiday pay for the week of Sunday through Saturday.\
				\
				\
					Sun. 01/27 - Sat. 02/02\
				\
				\
					$0.00\
				\
			\
			\
			\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					Sun. 02/03 - Sat. 02/09\
				\
				\
					$0.00\
				\
			\
			\
		\
	\
	\
	\
	\
\
	\
	\
	\
		\
			Did You Work?\
		\
		\
			\
				\
					Did you work?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					NO\
				\
			\
			\
				\
					You must enter the total amount of gross wages you earned for the week of Sunday through Saturday\
				\
				\
					Sun. 01/27 - Sat. 02/02\
				\
				\
					$0.00\
				\
			\
			\
			\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					Sun. 02/03 - Sat. 02/09\
				\
				\
					$0.00\
				\
			\
			\
			\
				\
					Were you laid off, fired, did you quit, were you involved in a labor dispute or are you still working? Please identify.\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					N/A\
				\
			\
		\
	\
	\
	\
	\
\
	\
	\
	\
		\
			Dependency\
		\
		\
			\
				\
					Has your dependency status changed during this certification period?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					NO\
				\
			\
		\
	\
	\
	\
	\
\
	\
	\
	\
		\
			Able and Available\
		\
		\
		\
			\
				\
					Were you able to work and available for work each day during your normal work week?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					YES\
				\
			\
			\
			\
				\
					You must select the number of days you were unable to work and/or unavailable for work during your normal work week for the period of Sunday through Saturday.\
				\
				\
					Sun. 01/27 - Sat. 02/02\
				\
				\
					N/A\
				\
			\
			\
			\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					Sun. 02/03 - Sat. 02/09\
				\
				\
					N/A\
				\
			\
			\
		\
		\
			\
				\
					Did you actively look for work?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					YES\
				\
			\
		\
			\
				\
					Did you refuse any offers of work?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					NO\
				\
			\
		\
	\
	\
	\
	\
\
	\
	\
	\
		\
			Social Security and Other Pension\
		\
		\
			\
				\
					Are you receiving or have you applied for Social Security benefits?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					NO\
				\
			\
			\
				\
					Other than Social Security, are you receiving or have you applied for a retirement or disability pension?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					NO\
				\
			\
			\
				\
					Has the amount of your retirement or disability pension changed?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					N/A\
				\
			\
		\
	\
	\
	\
	\
		\
\
		\
		\
		\
			\
				School/Training\
			\
			\
			\
				\
					\
						Did you attend school or receive training?\
					\
					\
						 \
					\
					\
						NO\
					\
				\
			\
			\
			\
		\
		\
	\
\
	\
	\
\
	\
	\
	\
		\
			Worker's Compensation\
		\
		\
			\
				\
					Do you have a current workers' compensation claim or do you expect to receive workers' compensation for a temporary disability?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					NO\
				\
			\
		\
	\
	\
	\
	\
	\
	\
\
	\
	\
	\
		\
			Name/Address Change\
		\
		\
			\
				\
					Did your name or address change?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					NO\
				\
			\
		\
	\
	\
	\
		\
	\
	\
\
	\
	\
	\
		\
			Telephone Number Change\
		\
		\
			\
				\
					Did your primary telephone number change?\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					NO\
				\
			\
			\
				\
					Enter your ten digit telephone number beginning with the area code.\
				\
				\
					 \
				\
				\
					N/A\
				}